abstractDeclarator
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__abstractDeclarator_3
        pointer
    transitive sub-rule names:
        altnt_block__pointer_8
        aux_rule__abstractDeclarator_3
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_14
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_23
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_24
        directAbstractDeclarator
        pointer
additiveExpression
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        multiplicativeExpression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        genericSelection
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        multiplicativeExpression
        postfixExpression
        unaryExpression
altnt_block__alignmentSpecifier_1
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        constantExpression
        typeName
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        altnt_block__specifierQualifierList_3
        andExpression
        atomicTypeSpecifier
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_3
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        conditionalExpression
        constantExpression
        enumSpecifier
        equalityExpression
        exclusiveOrExpression
        genericSelection
        inclusiveOrExpression
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        logicalAndExpression
        logicalOrExpression
        multiplicativeExpression
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        specifierQualifierList
        structOrUnionSpecifier
        typeName
        typeQualifier
        typeSpecifier
        typedefName
        unaryExpression
altnt_block__directAbstractDeclarator_15
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_25
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_26
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        andExpression
        assignmentExpression
        aux_rule__assignmentExpression_1
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_25
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_26
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__typeQualifierList_2
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        conditionalExpression
        equalityExpression
        exclusiveOrExpression
        genericSelection
        inclusiveOrExpression
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        kleene_plus__typeQualifierList_3
        logicalAndExpression
        logicalOrExpression
        multiplicativeExpression
        optional__directDeclarator_2
        optional__pointer_1
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        typeQualifier
        typeQualifierList
        unaryExpression
altnt_block__directAbstractDeclarator_20
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        abstractDeclarator
        optional__directAbstractDeclarator_5
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        abstractDeclarator
        alignmentSpecifier
        altnt_block__pointer_8
        atomicTypeSpecifier
        aux_rule__abstractDeclarator_3
        aux_rule__declarationSpecifier_1
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_14
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_23
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_24
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_3
        declarationSpecifier
        declarationSpecifiers
        directAbstractDeclarator
        enumSpecifier
        gccAttributeSpecifier
        optional__directAbstractDeclarator_5
        parameterDeclaration
        parameterList
        parameterTypeList
        pointer
        structOrUnionSpecifier
        typeQualifier
        typeSpecifier
        typedefName
altnt_block__directDeclarator_10
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        optional__directDeclarator_5
        parameterTypeList
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        alignmentSpecifier
        atomicTypeSpecifier
        aux_rule__declarationSpecifier_1
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_3
        declarationSpecifier
        declarationSpecifiers
        enumSpecifier
        gccAttributeSpecifier
        identifierList
        optional__directDeclarator_5
        parameterDeclaration
        parameterList
        parameterTypeList
        structOrUnionSpecifier
        typeQualifier
        typeSpecifier
        typedefName
altnt_block__directDeclarator_11
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_18
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_19
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_18
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_19
altnt_block__directDeclarator_12
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        optional__directDeclarator_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        andExpression
        assignmentExpression
        aux_rule__assignmentExpression_1
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        conditionalExpression
        equalityExpression
        exclusiveOrExpression
        genericSelection
        inclusiveOrExpression
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        logicalAndExpression
        logicalOrExpression
        multiplicativeExpression
        optional__directDeclarator_2
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        unaryExpression
altnt_block__directDeclarator_9
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_16
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_17
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        altnt_block__directDeclarator_12
        andExpression
        assignmentExpression
        aux_rule__assignmentExpression_1
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_16
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_17
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__typeQualifierList_2
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        conditionalExpression
        equalityExpression
        exclusiveOrExpression
        genericSelection
        inclusiveOrExpression
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        kleene_plus__typeQualifierList_3
        logicalAndExpression
        logicalOrExpression
        multiplicativeExpression
        optional__directDeclarator_2
        optional__pointer_1
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        typeQualifier
        typeQualifierList
        unaryExpression
altnt_block__enumSpecifier_3
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        aux_rule__enumSpecifier_6
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        aux_rule__enumSpecifier_6
altnt_block__genericAssociation_1
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        typeName
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        altnt_block__specifierQualifierList_3
        atomicTypeSpecifier
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_3
        enumSpecifier
        specifierQualifierList
        structOrUnionSpecifier
        typeName
        typeQualifier
        typeSpecifier
        typedefName
altnt_block__iterationStatement_8
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__iterationStatement_9
        declaration
    transitive sub-rule names:
        asmStatement
        aux_rule__declaration_3
        aux_rule__iterationStatement_9
        declaration
        staticAssertDeclaration
altnt_block__jumpStatement_2
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__jumpStatement_4
        aux_rule__jumpStatement_5
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__jumpStatement_4
        aux_rule__jumpStatement_5
altnt_block__jumpStatement_3
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        unaryExpression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        genericSelection
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        postfixExpression
        unaryExpression
altnt_block__labeledStatement_1
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        aux_rule__labeledStatement_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        aux_rule__labeledStatement_2
altnt_block__parameterDeclaration_2
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        declarator
        optional__typeName_1
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        abstractDeclarator
        altnt_block__pointer_8
        aux_rule__abstractDeclarator_3
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_14
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_23
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_24
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_15
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_8
        declarator
        directAbstractDeclarator
        directDeclarator
        optional__typeName_1
        pointer
altnt_block__pointer_5
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        optional__declarator_1
        optional__pointer_1
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        altnt_block__pointer_8
        aux_rule__typeQualifierList_2
        kleene_plus__typeQualifierList_3
        optional__declarator_1
        optional__pointer_1
        pointer
        typeQualifier
        typeQualifierList
altnt_block__primaryExpression_3
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__primaryExpression_4
        aux_rule__primaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__primaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__primaryExpression_7
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__primaryExpression_4
        aux_rule__primaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__primaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__primaryExpression_7
altnt_block__specifierQualifierList_3
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        typeQualifier
        typeSpecifier
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        atomicTypeSpecifier
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_3
        enumSpecifier
        structOrUnionSpecifier
        typeQualifier
        typeSpecifier
        typedefName
altnt_block__statement_1
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__statement_6
        aux_rule__statement_7
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__statement_6
        aux_rule__statement_7
altnt_block__structOrUnionSpecifier_2
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        aux_rule__structOrUnionSpecifier_3
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        aux_rule__structOrUnionSpecifier_3
altnt_block__typeSpecifier_1
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_4
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_5
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_4
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_5
altnt_block__unaryExpression_2
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_10
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_9
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_10
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_9
altnt_block__unaryExpression_3
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        Alignof
        Alignof_gcc
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Alignof
        Alignof_gcc
altnt_block__unaryExpression_4
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        typeName
        unaryExpression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        StringLiteral
        altnt_block__specifierQualifierList_3
        atomicTypeSpecifier
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_3
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        enumSpecifier
        genericSelection
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        postfixExpression
        specifierQualifierList
        structOrUnionSpecifier
        typeName
        typeQualifier
        typeSpecifier
        typedefName
        unaryExpression
andExpression
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        equalityExpression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        equalityExpression
        genericSelection
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        multiplicativeExpression
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        unaryExpression
assignmentExpression
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__assignmentExpression_1
        conditionalExpression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        andExpression
        aux_rule__assignmentExpression_1
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        conditionalExpression
        equalityExpression
        exclusiveOrExpression
        genericSelection
        inclusiveOrExpression
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        logicalAndExpression
        logicalOrExpression
        multiplicativeExpression
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        unaryExpression
aux_rule__abstractDeclarator_3
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        directAbstractDeclarator
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_14
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_23
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_24
        directAbstractDeclarator
aux_rule__asmStatement_5
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        logicalOrExpression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        andExpression
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        equalityExpression
        exclusiveOrExpression
        genericSelection
        inclusiveOrExpression
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        logicalAndExpression
        logicalOrExpression
        multiplicativeExpression
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        unaryExpression
aux_rule__blockItemList_2
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        declaration
        statement
    transitive sub-rule names:
        asmStatement
        aux_rule__declaration_3
        aux_rule__statement_3
        aux_rule__statement_4
        aux_rule__statement_5
        compoundStatement
        declaration
        expressionStatement
        jumpStatement
        labeledStatement
        statement
        staticAssertDeclaration
aux_rule__declarationList_2
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        declaration
    transitive sub-rule names:
        asmStatement
        aux_rule__declaration_3
        declaration
        staticAssertDeclaration
aux_rule__designatorList_2
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__designatorList_4
        aux_rule__designatorList_5
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__designatorList_4
        aux_rule__designatorList_5
aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_13
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_21
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_22
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_21
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_22
aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_14
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_23
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_24
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_23
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_24
aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_25
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        optional__directDeclarator_2
        optional__pointer_1
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        andExpression
        assignmentExpression
        aux_rule__assignmentExpression_1
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__typeQualifierList_2
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        conditionalExpression
        equalityExpression
        exclusiveOrExpression
        genericSelection
        inclusiveOrExpression
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        kleene_plus__typeQualifierList_3
        logicalAndExpression
        logicalOrExpression
        multiplicativeExpression
        optional__directDeclarator_2
        optional__pointer_1
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        typeQualifier
        typeQualifierList
        unaryExpression
aux_rule__directDeclarator_17
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        altnt_block__directDeclarator_12
        optional__pointer_1
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        altnt_block__directDeclarator_12
        andExpression
        assignmentExpression
        aux_rule__assignmentExpression_1
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__typeQualifierList_2
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        conditionalExpression
        equalityExpression
        exclusiveOrExpression
        genericSelection
        inclusiveOrExpression
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        kleene_plus__typeQualifierList_3
        logicalAndExpression
        logicalOrExpression
        multiplicativeExpression
        optional__directDeclarator_2
        optional__pointer_1
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        typeQualifier
        typeQualifierList
        unaryExpression
aux_rule__directDeclarator_7
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_13
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_14
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_13
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_14
aux_rule__directDeclarator_8
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_15
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_15
aux_rule__gccAttributeList_3
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        gccAttribute
        kleene_star__gccAttributeList_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__gccAttributeList_1
        aux_rule__gccAttribute_4
        gccAttribute
        kleene_star__gccAttributeList_2
aux_rule__postfixExpression_3
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_10
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_11
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_12
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_10
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_11
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_12
aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        genericSelection
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        genericSelection
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
aux_rule__structDeclarationList_2
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__structDeclarationList_4
        staticAssertDeclaration
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__structDeclarationList_4
        staticAssertDeclaration
aux_rule__translationUnit_2
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        IncludeDirective
        declaration
        functionDefinition
    transitive sub-rule names:
        IncludeDirective
        asmStatement
        aux_rule__declaration_3
        declaration
        functionDefinition
        staticAssertDeclaration
aux_rule__typeQualifierList_2
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        typeQualifier
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        typeQualifier
blockItemList
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        kleene_plus__blockItemList_3
    transitive sub-rule names:
        asmStatement
        aux_rule__blockItemList_2
        aux_rule__declaration_3
        aux_rule__statement_3
        aux_rule__statement_4
        aux_rule__statement_5
        compoundStatement
        declaration
        expressionStatement
        jumpStatement
        kleene_plus__blockItemList_3
        labeledStatement
        statement
        staticAssertDeclaration
castExpression
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        unaryExpression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        genericSelection
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        postfixExpression
        unaryExpression
conditionalExpression
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        logicalOrExpression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        andExpression
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        equalityExpression
        exclusiveOrExpression
        genericSelection
        inclusiveOrExpression
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        logicalAndExpression
        logicalOrExpression
        multiplicativeExpression
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        unaryExpression
constantExpression
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        conditionalExpression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        andExpression
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        conditionalExpression
        equalityExpression
        exclusiveOrExpression
        genericSelection
        inclusiveOrExpression
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        logicalAndExpression
        logicalOrExpression
        multiplicativeExpression
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        unaryExpression
declaration
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        asmStatement
        aux_rule__declaration_3
        staticAssertDeclaration
    transitive sub-rule names:
        asmStatement
        aux_rule__declaration_3
        staticAssertDeclaration
declarationList
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        kleene_plus__declarationList_3
    transitive sub-rule names:
        asmStatement
        aux_rule__declarationList_2
        aux_rule__declaration_3
        declaration
        kleene_plus__declarationList_3
        staticAssertDeclaration
declarationSpecifier
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        alignmentSpecifier
        aux_rule__declarationSpecifier_1
        gccAttributeSpecifier
        typeQualifier
        typeSpecifier
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        alignmentSpecifier
        atomicTypeSpecifier
        aux_rule__declarationSpecifier_1
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_3
        enumSpecifier
        gccAttributeSpecifier
        structOrUnionSpecifier
        typeQualifier
        typeSpecifier
        typedefName
declarationSpecifiers
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        declarationSpecifier
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        alignmentSpecifier
        atomicTypeSpecifier
        aux_rule__declarationSpecifier_1
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_3
        declarationSpecifier
        enumSpecifier
        gccAttributeSpecifier
        structOrUnionSpecifier
        typeQualifier
        typeSpecifier
        typedefName
declarator
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        directDeclarator
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_15
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_8
        directDeclarator
designatorList
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        kleene_plus__designatorList_3
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__designatorList_2
        aux_rule__designatorList_4
        aux_rule__designatorList_5
        kleene_plus__designatorList_3
directAbstractDeclarator
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_14
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_14
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_23
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_24
directDeclarator
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_8
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_15
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_8
enumerator
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        typedefName
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        typedefName
enumeratorList
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        enumerator
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        enumerator
        typedefName
equalityExpression
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        relationalExpression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        genericSelection
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        multiplicativeExpression
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        unaryExpression
exclusiveOrExpression
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        andExpression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        andExpression
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        equalityExpression
        genericSelection
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        multiplicativeExpression
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        unaryExpression
expression
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        assignmentExpression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        andExpression
        assignmentExpression
        aux_rule__assignmentExpression_1
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        conditionalExpression
        equalityExpression
        exclusiveOrExpression
        genericSelection
        inclusiveOrExpression
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        logicalAndExpression
        logicalOrExpression
        multiplicativeExpression
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        unaryExpression
gccAttribute
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__gccAttribute_4
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__gccAttribute_4
gccAttributeList
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__gccAttributeList_3
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__gccAttributeList_1
        aux_rule__gccAttributeList_3
        aux_rule__gccAttribute_4
        gccAttribute
        kleene_star__gccAttributeList_2
gccDeclaratorExtension
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__gccDeclaratorExtension_2
        gccAttributeSpecifier
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__gccDeclaratorExtension_2
        gccAttributeSpecifier
genericAssocList
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        genericAssociation
    transitive sub-rule names:
        genericAssociation
identifierList
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        Identifier
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
inclusiveOrExpression
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        exclusiveOrExpression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        andExpression
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        equalityExpression
        exclusiveOrExpression
        genericSelection
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        multiplicativeExpression
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        unaryExpression
initDeclarator
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        declarator
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_15
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_8
        declarator
        directDeclarator
initDeclaratorList
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        initDeclarator
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_15
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_8
        declarator
        directDeclarator
        initDeclarator
initializer
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        assignmentExpression
        aux_rule__initializer_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        andExpression
        assignmentExpression
        aux_rule__assignmentExpression_1
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__initializer_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        conditionalExpression
        equalityExpression
        exclusiveOrExpression
        genericSelection
        inclusiveOrExpression
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        logicalAndExpression
        logicalOrExpression
        multiplicativeExpression
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        unaryExpression
initializerList
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        initializer
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        andExpression
        assignmentExpression
        aux_rule__assignmentExpression_1
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__initializer_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        conditionalExpression
        equalityExpression
        exclusiveOrExpression
        genericSelection
        inclusiveOrExpression
        initializer
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        logicalAndExpression
        logicalOrExpression
        multiplicativeExpression
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        unaryExpression
kleene_plus__blockItemList_3
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__blockItemList_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        asmStatement
        aux_rule__blockItemList_2
        aux_rule__declaration_3
        aux_rule__statement_3
        aux_rule__statement_4
        aux_rule__statement_5
        compoundStatement
        declaration
        expressionStatement
        jumpStatement
        labeledStatement
        statement
        staticAssertDeclaration
kleene_plus__declarationList_3
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__declarationList_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        asmStatement
        aux_rule__declarationList_2
        aux_rule__declaration_3
        declaration
        staticAssertDeclaration
kleene_plus__designatorList_3
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__designatorList_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__designatorList_2
        aux_rule__designatorList_4
        aux_rule__designatorList_5
kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        StringLiteral
    transitive sub-rule names:
        StringLiteral
kleene_plus__structDeclarationList_3
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__structDeclarationList_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__structDeclarationList_2
        aux_rule__structDeclarationList_4
        staticAssertDeclaration
kleene_plus__translationUnit_3
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__translationUnit_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        IncludeDirective
        asmStatement
        aux_rule__declaration_3
        aux_rule__translationUnit_2
        declaration
        functionDefinition
        staticAssertDeclaration
kleene_plus__typeQualifierList_3
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__typeQualifierList_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        aux_rule__typeQualifierList_2
        typeQualifier
kleene_star__additiveExpression_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__additiveExpression_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__additiveExpression_2
kleene_star__andExpression_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__andExpression_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__andExpression_2
kleene_star__asmStatement_12
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__asmStatement_11
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__asmStatement_11
kleene_star__asmStatement_4
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__asmStatement_3
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__asmStatement_3
kleene_star__declarator_2
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        gccDeclaratorExtension
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__gccDeclaratorExtension_2
        gccAttributeSpecifier
        gccDeclaratorExtension
kleene_star__directAbstractDeclarator_12
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_13
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_13
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_21
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_22
kleene_star__directDeclarator_6
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_7
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_13
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_14
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_7
kleene_star__enumeratorList_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__enumeratorList_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__enumeratorList_2
kleene_star__equalityExpression_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__equalityExpression_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__equalityExpression_2
kleene_star__exclusiveOrExpression_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__exclusiveOrExpression_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__exclusiveOrExpression_2
kleene_star__expression_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__expression_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__expression_2
kleene_star__gccAttributeList_2
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__gccAttributeList_1
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__gccAttributeList_1
kleene_star__genericAssocList_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__genericAssocList_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__genericAssocList_2
kleene_star__identifierList_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__identifierList_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__identifierList_2
kleene_star__inclusiveOrExpression_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__inclusiveOrExpression_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__inclusiveOrExpression_2
kleene_star__initDeclaratorList_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__initDeclaratorList_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__initDeclaratorList_2
kleene_star__initializerList_3
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__initializerList_4
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__initializerList_4
kleene_star__logicalAndExpression_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__logicalAndExpression_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__logicalAndExpression_2
kleene_star__logicalOrExpression_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__logicalOrExpression_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__logicalOrExpression_2
kleene_star__multiplicativeExpression_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__multiplicativeExpression_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__multiplicativeExpression_2
kleene_star__parameterList_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__parameterList_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__parameterList_2
kleene_star__postfixExpression_2
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_3
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_10
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_11
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_12
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_3
kleene_star__relationalExpression_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__relationalExpression_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__relationalExpression_2
kleene_star__shiftExpression_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__shiftExpression_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__shiftExpression_2
kleene_star__structDeclaratorList_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__structDeclaratorList_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__structDeclaratorList_2
logicalAndExpression
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        inclusiveOrExpression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        andExpression
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        equalityExpression
        exclusiveOrExpression
        genericSelection
        inclusiveOrExpression
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        multiplicativeExpression
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        unaryExpression
logicalOrExpression
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        logicalAndExpression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        andExpression
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        equalityExpression
        exclusiveOrExpression
        genericSelection
        inclusiveOrExpression
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        logicalAndExpression
        multiplicativeExpression
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        unaryExpression
multiplicativeExpression
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        castExpression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        genericSelection
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        postfixExpression
        unaryExpression
optional__asmStatement_2
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__asmStatement_1
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__asmStatement_1
optional__asmStatement_6
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__asmStatement_5
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        andExpression
        aux_rule__asmStatement_5
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        equalityExpression
        exclusiveOrExpression
        genericSelection
        inclusiveOrExpression
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        logicalAndExpression
        logicalOrExpression
        multiplicativeExpression
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        unaryExpression
optional__compilationUnit_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        translationUnit
    transitive sub-rule names:
        IncludeDirective
        asmStatement
        aux_rule__declaration_3
        aux_rule__translationUnit_2
        declaration
        functionDefinition
        kleene_plus__translationUnit_3
        staticAssertDeclaration
        translationUnit
optional__compoundStatement_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        blockItemList
    transitive sub-rule names:
        asmStatement
        aux_rule__blockItemList_2
        aux_rule__declaration_3
        aux_rule__statement_3
        aux_rule__statement_4
        aux_rule__statement_5
        blockItemList
        compoundStatement
        declaration
        expressionStatement
        jumpStatement
        kleene_plus__blockItemList_3
        labeledStatement
        statement
        staticAssertDeclaration
optional__conditionalExpression_2
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__conditionalExpression_1
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__conditionalExpression_1
optional__declaration_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        Extension_gcc
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Extension_gcc
optional__declaration_2
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        initDeclaratorList
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_15
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_8
        declarator
        directDeclarator
        initDeclarator
        initDeclaratorList
optional__declarator_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        pointer
    transitive sub-rule names:
        altnt_block__pointer_8
        pointer
optional__directAbstractDeclarator_5
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        parameterTypeList
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        alignmentSpecifier
        atomicTypeSpecifier
        aux_rule__declarationSpecifier_1
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_3
        declarationSpecifier
        declarationSpecifiers
        enumSpecifier
        gccAttributeSpecifier
        parameterDeclaration
        parameterList
        parameterTypeList
        structOrUnionSpecifier
        typeQualifier
        typeSpecifier
        typedefName
optional__directDeclarator_2
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        assignmentExpression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        andExpression
        assignmentExpression
        aux_rule__assignmentExpression_1
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        conditionalExpression
        equalityExpression
        exclusiveOrExpression
        genericSelection
        inclusiveOrExpression
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        logicalAndExpression
        logicalOrExpression
        multiplicativeExpression
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        unaryExpression
optional__directDeclarator_5
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        identifierList
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        identifierList
optional__enumerator_2
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__enumerator_1
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__enumerator_1
optional__functionDefinition_2
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        declarationSpecifiers
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        alignmentSpecifier
        atomicTypeSpecifier
        aux_rule__declarationSpecifier_1
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_3
        declarationSpecifier
        declarationSpecifiers
        enumSpecifier
        gccAttributeSpecifier
        structOrUnionSpecifier
        typeQualifier
        typeSpecifier
        typedefName
optional__functionDefinition_3
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        declarationList
    transitive sub-rule names:
        asmStatement
        aux_rule__declarationList_2
        aux_rule__declaration_3
        declaration
        declarationList
        kleene_plus__declarationList_3
        staticAssertDeclaration
optional__gccAttribute_3
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__gccAttribute_2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__gccAttribute_2
optional__initDeclarator_2
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__initDeclarator_1
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__initDeclarator_1
optional__initializerList_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        designation
    transitive sub-rule names:
        designation
optional__parameterTypeList_2
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__parameterTypeList_1
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__parameterTypeList_1
optional__pointer_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        typeQualifierList
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        aux_rule__typeQualifierList_2
        kleene_plus__typeQualifierList_3
        typeQualifier
        typeQualifierList
optional__postfixExpression_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        expression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        andExpression
        assignmentExpression
        aux_rule__assignmentExpression_1
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        conditionalExpression
        equalityExpression
        exclusiveOrExpression
        expression
        genericSelection
        inclusiveOrExpression
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        logicalAndExpression
        logicalOrExpression
        multiplicativeExpression
        postfixExpression
        relationalExpression
        shiftExpression
        unaryExpression
optional__selectionStatement_2
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__selectionStatement_1
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__selectionStatement_1
optional__specifierQualifierList_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        specifierQualifierList
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        altnt_block__specifierQualifierList_3
        atomicTypeSpecifier
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_3
        enumSpecifier
        specifierQualifierList
        structOrUnionSpecifier
        typeQualifier
        typeSpecifier
        typedefName
optional__structDeclaration_2
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        structDeclaratorList
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_15
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_8
        aux_rule__structDeclarator_2
        declarator
        directDeclarator
        structDeclarator
        structDeclaratorList
optional__structDeclarator_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        declarator
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_15
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_8
        declarator
        directDeclarator
optional__structOrUnionSpecifier_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        Identifier
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
optional__typeName_1
    epsilonable: true
    immediate sub-rule names:
        abstractDeclarator
    transitive sub-rule names:
        abstractDeclarator
        altnt_block__pointer_8
        aux_rule__abstractDeclarator_3
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_14
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_23
        aux_rule__directAbstractDeclarator_24
        directAbstractDeclarator
        pointer
parameterDeclaration
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        declarationSpecifiers
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        alignmentSpecifier
        atomicTypeSpecifier
        aux_rule__declarationSpecifier_1
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_3
        declarationSpecifier
        declarationSpecifiers
        enumSpecifier
        gccAttributeSpecifier
        structOrUnionSpecifier
        typeQualifier
        typeSpecifier
        typedefName
parameterList
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        parameterDeclaration
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        alignmentSpecifier
        atomicTypeSpecifier
        aux_rule__declarationSpecifier_1
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_3
        declarationSpecifier
        declarationSpecifiers
        enumSpecifier
        gccAttributeSpecifier
        parameterDeclaration
        structOrUnionSpecifier
        typeQualifier
        typeSpecifier
        typedefName
parameterTypeList
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        parameterList
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        alignmentSpecifier
        atomicTypeSpecifier
        aux_rule__declarationSpecifier_1
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_3
        declarationSpecifier
        declarationSpecifiers
        enumSpecifier
        gccAttributeSpecifier
        parameterDeclaration
        parameterList
        structOrUnionSpecifier
        typeQualifier
        typeSpecifier
        typedefName
pointer
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        altnt_block__pointer_8
    transitive sub-rule names:
        altnt_block__pointer_8
postfixExpression
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        genericSelection
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
relationalExpression
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        shiftExpression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        genericSelection
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        multiplicativeExpression
        postfixExpression
        shiftExpression
        unaryExpression
shiftExpression
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        additiveExpression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        additiveExpression
        aux_rule__castExpression_2
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        castExpression
        genericSelection
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        multiplicativeExpression
        postfixExpression
        unaryExpression
specifierQualifierList
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        altnt_block__specifierQualifierList_3
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        altnt_block__specifierQualifierList_3
        atomicTypeSpecifier
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_3
        enumSpecifier
        structOrUnionSpecifier
        typeQualifier
        typeSpecifier
        typedefName
statement
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        asmStatement
        aux_rule__statement_3
        aux_rule__statement_4
        aux_rule__statement_5
        compoundStatement
        expressionStatement
        jumpStatement
        labeledStatement
    transitive sub-rule names:
        asmStatement
        aux_rule__statement_3
        aux_rule__statement_4
        aux_rule__statement_5
        compoundStatement
        expressionStatement
        jumpStatement
        labeledStatement
structDeclarationList
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        kleene_plus__structDeclarationList_3
    transitive sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__structDeclarationList_2
        aux_rule__structDeclarationList_4
        kleene_plus__structDeclarationList_3
        staticAssertDeclaration
structDeclarator
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__structDeclarator_2
        declarator
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_15
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_8
        aux_rule__structDeclarator_2
        declarator
        directDeclarator
structDeclaratorList
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        structDeclarator
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_15
        aux_rule__directDeclarator_8
        aux_rule__structDeclarator_2
        declarator
        directDeclarator
        structDeclarator
translationUnit
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        kleene_plus__translationUnit_3
    transitive sub-rule names:
        IncludeDirective
        asmStatement
        aux_rule__declaration_3
        aux_rule__translationUnit_2
        declaration
        functionDefinition
        kleene_plus__translationUnit_3
        staticAssertDeclaration
typeName
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        specifierQualifierList
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        altnt_block__specifierQualifierList_3
        atomicTypeSpecifier
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_3
        enumSpecifier
        specifierQualifierList
        structOrUnionSpecifier
        typeQualifier
        typeSpecifier
        typedefName
typeQualifier
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
typeQualifierList
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        kleene_plus__typeQualifierList_3
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Restrict
        Restrict_gcc
        Restrict_gcc2
        aux_rule__typeQualifierList_2
        kleene_plus__typeQualifierList_3
        typeQualifier
typeSpecifier
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        atomicTypeSpecifier
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_3
        enumSpecifier
        structOrUnionSpecifier
        typedefName
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
        atomicTypeSpecifier
        aux_rule__typeSpecifier_3
        enumSpecifier
        structOrUnionSpecifier
        typedefName
typedefName
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        Identifier
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Identifier
unaryExpression
    epsilonable: false
    immediate sub-rule names:
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        postfixExpression
    transitive sub-rule names:
        Constant
        Identifier
        StringLiteral
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_13
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_14
        aux_rule__postfixExpression_4
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_5
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_6
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_7
        aux_rule__unaryExpression_8
        genericSelection
        kleene_plus__primaryExpression_1
        postfixExpression
